Support analyze the component in the eBPF Network profiling (#9430)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/changes/changes.md

  In the current one index mode, users still could choose to adjust ElasticSearch's shard number(`SW_STORAGE_ES_INDEX_SHARDS_NUMBER`) to scale out.
* [Breaking Change] Many columns of metrics and records model names are changed, The H2/Mysql/Tidb/Postgres storage users are required to remove all metrics-related and records-related tables for OAP to re-create or use a new database instance.
* Fix Zipkin trace query the max size of spans.

> * Adding `tls` and `https` into component for Network Profiling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `tls` and `https` component IDs for Network Profiling.
```
